What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

  A .git folder will be created to track the commits.We need to initilize a repository in order
  to track the changes made to the files.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

  we can add selective file to staging area for traking selective files.
  with staging area we can track only those files which are needed to track.
  whereas without staging area all the files will be tracked.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

  using git diff without any arguements we can compare between working directory and staging area
  and using git diff --staged we can compare between staging area and latest commit in the repository.
  in this way we can make sure that only one commit per logical change occurs.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
 
  when experimenting on some new features instead of editing the master we can create some new
  branches and work on it.we can use human readable labels on each branches and merge it with the master 
  if the experiment succeds. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

  The diagrams visualise the last master commit when the branch was first created 
  and the commits which are there in the branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

  The merging of two branches create a merged branch in the checked out branch.The merged branch contains
  all the commits from the two branches in a timestap order.We represent it in diagram in order to 
  track the commits from both the branches.


What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

  gits automatic mmerging will let you know if the two merging files are altered in the same function.
  if the two files have different areas altered then git cannot recognize the conflict so manual merging 
  will be better in this case.